internal: Define rules for LLMs (#21732)
rust-lang/rust-analyzer: CLAUDE.md

**Reminder: All AI usage must be disclosed in commit messages, see
CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.**

## Build Commands

```bash
cargo build                    # Build all crates
cargo test                     # Run all tests
cargo test -p <crate>          # Run tests for a specific crate (e.g., cargo test -p hir-ty)
cargo lint                     # Run clippy on all targets
cargo xtask codegen            # Run code generation
cargo xtask tidy               # Run tidy checks
cargo xtask install --server   # Install rust-analyzer binary
```

To update test expectations (snapshot tests):
```bash

> UPDATE_EXPECT=1 cargo t

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UPDATE_EXPECT=1 cargo test
```

```

Heavy/slow tests only run when `RUN_SLOW_TESTS` env var is set.

> ## Key Architectural Invariants

Reviewer: This can likely be improved more (in the future), its not really much stuff

- Typing in a function body never invalidates global derived data
- Parser/syntax tree is built per-file to enable parallel parsing

> - `ide` crate's API uses POD types suitable for serialization (no syntax trees or hir types in API)

Reviewer: I don't like this one, it doesn;'t even seem correct. `ide` very much consumes the `hir` crate types. Ah, I guess this is meant to state the public ide API only consumes file ids and text offsets etc instead of semantic things like `hir` types? I think that wording needs to be slightly specified (with concrete positive examples, not just negatives)

Author: Removed.

- The server is stateless (HTTP-like); context must be re-created from request parameters

> - Cancellation uses salsa's revision counter; computations panic with `Cancelled` when stale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cancellation uses salsa's cancellation mechanism; computations panic with a `Cancelled` payload
```

### Code Generation

Generated code is committed to the repo. Grammar and AST are generated from `ungrammar`. Run `cargo test -p xtask` after adding inline parser tests (`// test test_name` comments).

## Testing

Tests are snapshot-based using `expect-test`. Test fixtures use a mini-language:
- `$0` marks cursor position
- `// ^^^^` labels attach to the line above
- `//- minicore: sized, fn` includes parts of minicore (minimal core library)
- `//- /path/to/file.rs crate:name deps:dep1,dep2` declares files/crates

## Style Notes

> - Use `stdx::never!` instead of `assert!` for recoverable invariants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `stdx::never!` and `stdx::always!` instead of `assert!` for recoverable invariants
```

> - Use `T![foo]` macro instead of `SyntaxKind::FOO_KW`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `T![fn]` macro instead of `SyntaxKind::FN_KW`
```
